hey guys I just got a new case for my
30s I ordered it from China because I'm
a cheap bastard cost about probably four
bucks hopefully it's not a total piece
of crap but or two black and red one
aluminum box for 3ds that was kind of
funny it actually has instructions for
the Nintendo 3ds protective case that
include perfect original shaped case
comfortable metal sandblasting touching
feeling various colors can be chosen
with fabric inside take more care for
your game console let's see how those
are instructions more like features but
I love the Engrish so you know put this
thing on my 3ds and hopefully it doesn't
totally blow if not it was only four
bucks so no big loss alright so I went
ahead and put this thing on and I
actually fits really nice it's actually
wrong I paid 6 bucks I just left
feedback for mr. Wang ping who sent me
the case there's a quick look at it
got the obviously got the holes for the
3d camera the back actually the part
that you open with has actually made
from silicone so I'll hopefully that
lasts for a long time it looks pretty
sturdy all your ports in the back are
clear right back are actually the front
you have the microphone jacks open side
unless your SD card is which I haven't
actually messed with yet Ivan bother
taking that out and then the volume I
believe then we have the Wi-Fi switch
which doesn't seem to work you're
playing original yes games which is
mostly what I plan on this thing's
there's not a lot of great launch games
for the 3d is my opinion just how it
opens up so I'm pretty satisfied with it
6 bucks including shipping really cheap
case better than going and paying 20 the
GameStop I always buy a cheaper looks
histories from China because
usually I end up liking them better than
the ones I get at stores and usually
they are really cheap so I haven't had
any bad luck as far as accessories go
one time I did order a game from them
and it was bootleg which kind of
expected but other than that next I'm
gonna put on this guy right here in
Hindu 3d I guess this is like an
official inserts that cover the screen
for the top and bottom screens look kind
of complicated when I was watching a
video for it but hopefully I get it on
there definitely not gonna film myself
putting this thing on because it'll
probably take me forever to get it right
hopefully I doesn't get on there all
crooked with crumbs under it like I did
with my LDS but all right so yep I just
got done putting on my hoary screen
protectors and everything went pretty
well actually um its prayer the first
time I put one of these things on
without having a million little speckles
of dust end up end up against the screen
and under the protectors they actually
bond really nicely I don't know exactly
how to describe it but I'll put a link
in the description that shows how these
things go on but they kind of use this
weird system that uh actually helps you
line the things up it's pretty foolproof
you just you put them out against the
EDS and you pull the strips away and it
ends up lining up perfectly so you don't
have to worry about putting it on wrong
and yanking it off so that went pretty
well um I guess that's it for this video
I got my screen protectors and buy
aluminum box for 3ds case so you guys
want either of those I'll put links in
the description where I got them from
drop my camera they were about a 16
dollars altogether so I think that's
pretty good if I remember I I think just
for the case that the guys had a game
stuff was trying to sell me it was like
20 bucks so not too shabby thanks for
watching